A4 Word (V10 means the origin version) is a simple dot NET application. This is free software that you can download and modify. The coding is in Visual Basic, intended for Microsoft Windows, 64 bit, .NET6 and for English speakers! It should not be installed, but started by activating EEA4WV10.exe.

A4 Word is not a word processing program for DOC files but for RTF files (Rich Text Format) and TXT files. A variant of WordPad or Notepad, but structured differently. It lacks some features Words has, such as various formatting resources, diagram management, multi-level lists, headers, footers, page numbers, mathematical formulas, spell check, management of the PDF format, etc.

In A4 Word, you can easily determine the size of an A4 sheet. Better handling of lists, indents and tabs than for WordPad (it is actually possible to build multi-level lists, headers, footers, page numbers or handle simpler mathematical expressions). The application can work like a notepad, but with the option to manually select and manage the text encoding. You could say that A4 Word is a poor man's Words, but which is also equipped with a notepad. With A4 Word (as well as for WordPad) you can create a printable word-like document, and if you want a spell checker or pdf creator, there are tons of such services online. Actually, it is possible to print PDF if you have Adobe Acrobat installed. It is also possible to check the spelling if MS Word is available.

If there is anyone who has views on the application or wishes to make suggestions regarding various improvements, I can be reached through email: bi-lqvist@live.se. VER 1.1: Variable improvements and bug fixes. Extended with spell check via MS Word.

A4 Word was created by B. Lindqvist in 2022 and who is the owner of the site Essential Electronics.
